--> Entire automation is driven by a project.. Project can be a new project or an existing project
--> Next few points I'll explain the structure of application
1. Test cases and automation suties which include different type of test cases should be associated with a project which is often linked to a JIRA project
2. Project can associate with one or more applications. Application can be of any type
3. A Project will have Sprint testing, module testing, integration testing, end-to-end testing, smoke testing and regression testing
4. Projects should be created under a domain. And Domain will have it role based access management
5. So overall structure : Organization --> Domain(s)--> Projects --> different type of Test suites and related appliations
6. Each one should have indepenently manageble objects but maintains assocaition. For example: A Project should show associated applications and test suites and JIRA project details (epics, sprints,etc) however there are dedicated modules/UI screens/flows to configure and maintain life cycle of the projects, applications , test suites.
7. Application module should have onboarding of application that includes to refer application specific documents which can be a upload or a link, application url, code base. Application should show the assocaited test cases run and projects. Application should also have a explorer section to show results of automatic application crawler results with HITL flow
8. Project should have JIRA confir, project/BRD documentation either upload or run, addition of associated applications, upload of existing excel based test cases
9. Domain will have addition of projects, and domain knowledge that has documents for AI knowledge
10. Test suites has different type of test suties, each test sutie has life cycle--> test scenario and cases generation in table , review, automation test suite generation, test case execution, review , provide option to push it respective CI/Cd piepline, show defects which will be shown from JIRA, once it is fixed, it should trigger the test case execution automatically after a review and confirmation and update the JIRA back. Every test cases generated should provide a recommendation of smoke and regression test cases and QA can select or confirm so that those will be added to smoke test sutie and regression test suite respectively.
11. As project moves to different stages. For example, once sprint testing is done for a module/epic, module testing needs to beinitiated, as part of the same the Ai agent should generate a test scenario and test cases aldo recommend what are the sprint test cases can be choosen to full fill this test case so that sprint test cases can be repurposed for module testing. Likewise Integration testing should recommend what all module test cases can be repurposed, the same way E2E testing agent should recommend integration/module test cases can be choosen.
12. All the test suite cycle , should be built using chat based AG-UI technology so ti will be interactive.
13. Finally every project level, test suite level, application level, domain level reporting and analytics should be there . These are not just test cases, associated defects analysis but also should have execution report and some analytics recommendations.
14. At every level, you should have search option which should be semantic search.
